frontend.sh
===========

Simple BASH script that creates a stub web frontend project using RequireJS and 
jQuery. It uses cURL to download necessary files, so you will need to have cURL
installed (most Linux distros do anyway).

Features
--------

 + Creates complete directory strucutre for JavaScript, CSS and images.
 + Downloads necessary JavaScript files and puts them in appropriate places
 + Creates build config in `app.build`, that can be used with r.js optimizer
 + Creates a makefile that can be used with GNU Make to build the project

Basic usage
-----------

    frontend.sh DIRNAME

`DIRNAME` is the name of the directory in which to create the project. Not that
if the directory exists, the script _will not_ check for contentes, so you
might get a mixed salad of files if you are not careful.

To build the project once it's done, you can either use the app.build file, or
you can use GNU make:

    cd /path/to/project/files
    make

This creates a directory called 'build' in your project's parent directory (by
default). You can configure that using the build config file.

License
-------

Copyright (c)2012 by Monwara LLC / Branko Vukelic <branko@herdhound.com>
All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

See `COPYING` file for the full text of the license.
